Rust KDB Binding (#2945)
ElektraInitiative/libelektra: src/bindings/rust/README.md

### Key

> An example for using a `StringKey`. See the [full example](example/src/bin/key.rs) for more. Run it from the `example` directory using `cargo run --bin key`.

Reviewer: Put commands to own paragraph, then they are easier to see.

let string_key = StringKey::from(binary_key);
```

### KDB

With the `KDB` struct you can access the key database.
See the [full example](example/src/bin/kdb.rs) for more. Run it from the `example` directory using `cargo run --bin kdb`.

> The KDB error types are nested, so you can match on a high-level or a specific one. For a deeper explanation of the error types, see the [error guideline](https://github.com/ElektraInitiative/libelektra/blob/master/doc/dev/error-categorization.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The KDB error types are nested, so you can match on a high-level or a specific one. For a deeper explanation of the error types, see the [error guideline](https://master.libelektra.org/doc/dev/error-categorization.md).
```

    println!("Key with name {:?} has value {:?}", name_str, val_str);
    assert_eq!(unsafe { keyDel(key) }, 0);
}

> ````

Reviewer: ?
